option1 seems like it would be easiest to read since the names are all aligned to left side of the column (for someone who is recording votes by looking at the display). option2 is okay, but the wider background for each name will cover more of the background of the television view behind it. option3 would allow more of the background television view to be seen, but I still think is harder to read for someone quickly scanning to record votes since the names are not left-side-of-column aligned.

The blue background is simulating the background needed for the overlay - I can't remember what this is called as the term that was written on the dry-erase board today is not recorded on the wiki.

I am going to work on some other-colored text (like white) to see the difference. It is hard to tell what will look the best overlaid over actual video.

10-16-12 I have added one more option (option4) with just lettering over a screenshot of the video of one of the actual meetings. I think this approach might be the best one. I had to do a lot of extra html and css to outline the letters (absolute, relative positioning using layers with z-index) so they will show up well over the video. I am thinking maybe moving the Yes / No at the bottom closer together toward the center of the screen separated by a black vertical line using right border of the right side and left border on the right side ... but this is at least a good start I think...

10-20-12 I added option5, which includes numbers for the total vote count and it works in IE8 (but not IE7) - it appears IE7 is using quirks mode and I can't get it to use standards or strict mode. I was able to get IE8 to use strict mode by adding a DOCTYPE to the top of the html file and got it to use border-radius with css3pie (css3pie.com). Also, although it looks right in IE8, the text of the total vote count number and the "Yes" and "No" text at the bottom are positioned one pixel higher in Safari than in IE8. So if we use this version, we will just have to target it to a specific browser. At some point I will look into text-shadow, but it is not supported by any version of internet explorer - there are some work arounds, but I have yet to look into them.
